[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this double
episode we're going to work through the
1990 adaptation of Stephen King's it
let's get to its we open on a montage of
scrapbooking an eternal cosmic monsters
favorite diversion eventually settling
in on the rotting soulless town of Derry
this little girl pedals home enjoying
the high of training hard for her first
Ironman when she hears a chuckle
emanating from the wash as is so often
the case it turns out to be Tim Curry we
learned that her mom found her in pieces
and that she's number six nice string of
child murders including us in that
something horribly wrong is afoot when
Mike finds a picture of Georgie a victim
from 30 years prior at the crime scene
he knows it's time to start making some
calls
from work of course these are long
distance calls after all he starts with
Bill who happens to be focusing all of
his attention on punching up a
screenplay and taming that wild mane the
sound of Mike's voice instantly floods
his mind with memories long forgotten
and he takes a moment to reminisce we
find Georgie was his younger brother
bill too sickly to play sends him off in
the rain with a paper boat he zips along
the gutters too fast and loses his new
toy down a storm drain luckily this
kindly clown comes in for the save
Pennywise breaks the ice with
introductions and entices him to come
close so he can chop him and to death if
that wasn't clear when feeling nostalgic
later bill goes thumbing through a photo
album in a surprise when Georgia gives
him a cheeky little Winky and then
starts bleeding all over we learned this
is for him alone as his parents can't
see it nor do they care about his
emotional turmoil scolding him for
disturbing his brother's room modern-day
bill then heads immediately for dairy
after this we transitioned to been
enjoying the trappings of a baller
lifestyle winning awards for
architecture and not caring drinking
with strangers living in a warehouse
being a Hanscom and his boner is utterly
destroyed however by the sound of Mike's
voice we learned that folk still
remember much about Derry once they
leave so the unexpected connection to
their past and the dark obligation
hanging over them is fairly alarming in
his flashback we learned Ben was new to
Derry a history buff and a horndog his
girth immediately attracts the attention
of Henry Bowers town greaser and
medium-sized fish in a very small pond
on the way home we see Henry compensates
for this by taking his bullying to an
extreme level threatening to spill Ben's
fruit loops all over the sidewalk
Ben escapes via a nut shot in a backflip
hiding out until the trouble passes he
then emerges to meet bill and his friend
Eddie
later on he also writes a poem for
Beverly Marsh a girl he loves because
she talked to him once and he has his
own interaction with Pennywise a common
thread of these flashbacks when that's
all done and remembered modern-day Ben
also heads to Derry this segues us to
Beverly Marsh fashion mogul and her
[ __ ] partner and boyfriend Tom who
kisses like a maniac on the heels of
sealing a huge deal she gets the dreaded
call she begins to pack but Tom don't
like his ladies coming and going freely
so she's forced to beam him with a jar
of vanity mayonnaise and hops a cab her
flashback starts with the poem
previously mentioned but daddy don't
cotton to young lads taking a romantic
interest in his personal property and we
find that his behavior defines her
future relationships in an attempt to
connect with her Ben invites her to the
Barrens for some fun a decision that
ends all hope for his romantic future
when she meets bill were then introduced
to wisecrack and Ritchie best in small
doses and Stan a Cub Scout the group
gets to Dammann up the creek celebrating
their success in diverting nature from
her course through sheer will they split
up and we learned Bev assumes bill wrote
the poem because he's hot she then has
her Pennywise interaction in the form of
a sink drain providing a bloody surprise
we speed up now as Eddy packs to leave
in his memory we learned that gym
teacher is acutely aware of which boys
did or did not shower dirty boys cannot
be included in his collection you see
while there we get the expected
supernatural happenings including
Pennywise getting wet with Eddy defining
his future relationships after this we
transition to Ritchie who's one of those
types of comedians you know a hack
he gets his call in the green room then
tries to make arrangements with his
manager for a few days off in his
flashback we see the gang approached by
an Irish beat cop providing the sound
advice they stick together because of
all travel murders you know and we
learned this is not just applicable to
the scary outside world as Ritchie finds
himself making a mess in the cafeteria
and seeking out the service of the
janitor this results in him finding
himself alone in the boiler room where
he is confronted by none other than Teen
Wolf himself back in modern Derry we
learned how Mike got involved in all
this he was also a cast-off of sorts
enthusiastic about telling everyone the
dark past a dairy and it's punctuated
historical periods of mass murder
although he could be bullied for his
eagerness to learn he ends up being
selected for special attention mostly
for racial reasons
we learn Henry Bowers really doesn't
like it when people have different types
of bodies out of the old abandoned
construction site we learned the group
of close friends are finally talking
confirming all of them but Stan have had
unsettling clown experiences that summer
this is where their paths collide with
Mike as he comes over the hill running
from Bowers and his crew and begging for
help bill and the others decide to take
a stand right there with the tried and
true anti-bullying technique of smashing
faces with rocks eventually driving them
off afterward they relaxed by perusing
Mike's historical research and coming
across an old lithograph that confirms
penny wisest timeless nature they then
have a shared supernatural experience
that also brings Mike and stand into the
fold with the rest of the group this
brings us to stand and join the classic
hijinks of Larry and Balki living a
simple life soon ruined by a call from
Mike Stan had the hardest time having
experienced the worst of Pennywise we
learned that they had a plan to kill it
by slingshotting some silver earrings
into its grille they Huff's some PCP to
prepare their bodies and minds for
violence and dissent pursuing the
ancient evil with the bullies hot on
their heels one of the bullies splits
off and is subsumed by a supernatural
energy the others grab Stan
finding a quiet spot where they intend
to kill his body they're interrupted
however when an unseen entity bursts
from a pipe to fold up Belcher as a
snack and delicately take him away then
it returns turning Bauer's hair stark
white Stan escapes and regroups they all
linked hands and used togetherness to
wither its power
Pennywise tries to break them but they
resist and are granted an opportunity
for Beverly to bust its dome wide open
but before they can finish it he pulls a
triple gainer into the drain and flushes
himself straight down to hell leaving
them unsure of whether or not they
finished the job so they make a pact to
come back and do so if it ever returns
this brings us back to modern day Stan
who went from phone to tub where he
promptly opened his wrists rather than
facing the horror we're acting we're
acting antsy
and here we are back with part two which
opens with Bill's arrival in Derry he
stops at the cemetery first to pay his
respects his intimate moment is almost
immediately ruined by Pennywise real
sight to show off all the fresh graves
he dug for Bill and his friends hey
that's convenient he then heads to the
library checking first to ensure he's
been adequately revered in his hometown
and then stands silently until noticed
because his ego knows no bounds Bill's
memories continue to come back in
fragments and he discovers Mike doesn't
have the same trouble never having left
so Mike acts as a guide to rebuilding
their prior experiences to help bill on
his path he pulls out the old steel
horse hoping to recreate some of the
positive vibes that helps guide them
through that fateful summer Richey is
next up and attempts to await Mike's
return to library however he's taunted
by these exploding blood sacks and then
forced to listen in horror as Pennywise
does his act better than him with his
self-confidence now in tatters he leaves
a message and heads out back with Mike
we see that bill's been tuning up the
old two-wheeled steed you know that
calls for bike stunt montage or the
closest to at these two Barney's can
muster and a couple of quickies we see
Ben arrived in town suffering
hallucinations along the way and then
Eddy rolls in first stopping at the
pharmacy it jogs a latent memory of the
time the pharmacist reveals his inhaler
is a placebo ah but he wants to be
sickly dammit he finds Gus is still in
the back measuring out medications
despite his broken brain and then Eddy
just gets a partial confrontation not a
full-on Pennywise then we find Beverley
at her family home she rings from Marsh
and finds her dad has died and mrs.
Kirsch has been squatting here for five
years running she's invited in and tries
to enjoy some tea and biscuits but this
sloppy old [ __ ] laughs it up like a
Labrador and also she's her father
meanwhile Bill's wife Audra learns that
taking a couple days off will
essentially ruin his career in the film
industry forever given stakes she calls
in a flight reservation determined to go
retrieve him that evening they all
gather at the local small-town Asian
fusion restaurant Beverley walks in and
swoons from a memory surge and then
breaks the ice by talking about her
experience which also clears Eddy's
brain fog before things get too heavy
though Ritchie lubricates the party
wagon and they begin the mukbang the
only real dialog from this part confirms
that Henry Bowers went crazy after
gazing directly upon its
compelling him to confess to the child
murders they all head back to the
library and Ritchie hams it up while
Mike tries to get in contact with Stan
the only member of the gang still
missing he gets word of the suicide and
they're all shaken realizing Stan was
the only one to see it non clown form
which doesn't bode well for them if they
ever happen to stare into its dead
lights Pennywise then takes another
crack at scaring them off with a vision
of Stan's head bleeding all over this
snicker bar Mike left in the mini-fridge
and then fires off some abnormal indoor
weather events they only fend him off
with the power of their bond which flows
through them from scalp to loins
apparently causing bill to climax here
with that done and since it looks like
someone broke in anyway they grab some
free books and jet at the psych ward
with Henry Bowers we learned from penny
wise using his old chum as a proxy that
it could only get the kids if they
believed but Henry's corporeal form can
murder them regardless so it tries to
enlist his help he builds trust by
gifting him an old friend and then
helping him walk out of the facility in
a truly baffling manner clown dog we
then see that Audra's finally arrived in
dearie which is great hmm but she's
drawn in by the power of the dead lights
which is not so great I'm gonna call
this one a wash meanwhile back at the
spot the gang is all sharing stories
when Mike Ben and Eddie take a break to
grab some items from their rooms they
play it safe and leave their doors open
unfortunately Mike is pounced upon and
receives a little poke between the ribs
Ben and Eddie break into his room and in
the scuffle Henry cuts himself they all
squeeze into Ritchie's IROC and rush him
to the hospital while they await news of
his condition we find that Beth is just
fed up with this it business why is it
so neat you get him girl eventually Mike
comes out of surgery and we learned he's
gonna be okay but with some recovery
time ahead Mike advises everyone to stay
silent about the incident due to the
hold Darius general malaise has on the
adults and he directs bill to a key item
for their quest they keep the body under
wraps and saunter out playing it real
cool the whole gangs preparing to head
to the airport but bill delivers a
rousing speech so they go to the parents
instead with a slingshot
so woefully ill-equipped for Monster
hunting they arrive at the scene of the
prior altercation and help bill work
through a vision of his brother then
Pennywise appears and tries to warn them
off one last time here he's an
apparition but bill suggests that it has
to take a physical form to feed so if
they find it they can kill it the boat
leads them straight to its bachelor pad
inside they find Audra and we get
indications that it behaves like a
spider in its natural habitat then we
see that it looks like a spider but with
big burly arms for huggin oh that's not
so bad
it is initially unfazed by the silver
ingots they sling at it but then when it
rears up to show them its belly Eddy
defiantly states that he doesn't believe
in it and tries his old trick but only
manages to get his ribcage crushed for
his efforts
then Beverly takes the opportunity to
pop one of its deadlines causing great
distress not wanting to leave anything
to chance and angry about Eddie
they mob on that sucker ripping it open
and playing with its insides like some
true sickos I'm really proud of them to
be honest then all the victims start
descending like dingleberries and our
friends grab some of their favorite
corpses to take topside to wrap up we
find Mike is preparing to finally leave
Derry and that now the nightmare times
are being covered by the brain fog Audra
is stuck between the dark and the light
unless maybe just maybe the thrill of a
near-death pleasure ride could bring her
back Oh what okay and now the Stephen
King's it the miniseries an attempt to
condense and adapt a twelve hundred page
book into a TV miniseries that ended up
with a runtime only as long as a long
movie however with a character defining
performance from Tim Curry was long
thought to be the best possible
adaptation of the story or possibly the
best adaptation yet of a Stephen King
book wasn't setting aside any other
contenders we'll be taking a look at the
more recent adaptations of the story in
the coming weeks if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for to become a part of
the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]